Q: What do people use to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen? Answer Choices: (A) shirt pocket (B) calligrapher's hand (C) inkwell (D) desk drawer (E) blotter
A: The answer of "What do people use to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen?" must be an item that can absorb ink. Of the choices: "(A) shirt pocket (B) calligrapher's hand (C) inkwell (D) desk drawer (E) blotter", only (E) blotters are used to absorb ink. So the answer is (E).

Q: What home entertainment equipment requires cable? Answer Choices: (A) radio shack (B) substation (C) television (D) cabinet
A: The answer of "What home entertainment equipment requires cable?" must require cable. Of the choices: "(A) radio shack (B) substation (C) television (D) cabinet", only (C) television requires cable. So the answer is (C).

Q: The fox walked from the city into the forest, what was it looking for? Answer Choices: (A) pretty flowers (B) hen house (C) natural habitat (D) storybook
A: The answer of "The fox walked from the city into the forest, what was it looking for?" must be something in the forest. Of the choices: "(A) pretty flowers (B) hen house (C) natural habitat (D) storybook", only (C) natural habitat is in the forest. So the answer is (C).

Q: Sammy wanted to go to where the people were. Where might he go? Answer Choices: (A) populated areas (B) race track (C) desert (D) apartment (E) roadblock
A: The answer of "Sammy wanted to go to where the people were. Where might he go?" must be a place with a lot of people. Of the choices: "(A) populated areas (B) race track (C) desert (D) apartment (E) roadblock", only (A) populated areas have a lot of people. So the answer is (A).

Q: Where do you put your grapes just before checking out? Answer Choices: (A) mouth (B) grocery cart (C)super market (D) fruit basket (E) fruit market
A: The answer of "Where do you put your grapes just before checking out?" should be the place where grocery items are placed before checking out. Of the choices: "(A) mouth (B) grocery cart (C)super market (D) fruit basket (E) fruit market", (B) grocery cart makes the most sense for holding grocery items. So the answer is (B).

Q: Google Maps and other highway and street GPS services have replaced what? Answer Choices: (A) united states (B) mexico (C) countryside (D) atlas
A: The answer of "Google Maps and other highway and street GPS services have replaced what?" must be something that used to do what Google Maps and GPS services do, which is to give directions. Of the choices: "(A) united states (B) mexico (C) countryside (D) atlas", only (D) atlas are used to give directions. So the answer is (D).

Q: Before getting a divorce, what did the wife feel who was doing all the work? Answer Choices: (A) harder (B) anguish (C) bitterness (D) tears (E) sadness
A: The answer of "Before getting a divorce, what did the wife feel who was doing all the work?" should be the feeling of someone getting divorced who was doing all the work. Of the choices: "(A) harder (B) anguish (C) bitterness (D) tears (E) sadness", the closest feeling is (C) bitterness. So the answer is (C).